I think I'll sit this one out I step it
oh good well well reunion I was looking
but you were difficult man to find we
couldn't catch your absence makes the
mighty I don't think so mean you're
pathetic efforts are futile against my
cycle power
you stupid fool Oh heating it up you
wasted your man no dahhh dragon oh man
toc tic I'm trying to do man can dig out
a nose hair you got a match to check out
all right our kids you have to match on
tech does he ain't gonna do it on time
shoot I told it enjoyed by all but he
wasn't listening back away join my army
ok the price
what I do I try to teleport MAC counter
to teleport back I hesitate on don't
know medium I don't know how how do I is
it sometime oh no she takes this thank
you some kind of food hurry up quicker
you got it you know hold my punch off
like that I wanted to keep hitting you
know man it doesn't matter for the
moment I have all that I need can you
see my purple flames I met next batch